wait don't do it at least not yet before
you embark on the massive project of
starting your own podcast I want to
share with you in this episode of build
your tribe some things you really need
to know in order to save you time money
and tons of headaches my name is
Charlene Johnson I am the co-host of
build your tribe and the chalene show
two podcasts I started back in 2014.
I've released thousands of episodes I've
interviewed hundreds of guests racked up
a combined 95 million downloads and
Counting I don't know actually where
we're at today and these shows today
earn us seven figures but it hasn't been
easy and in this video I'm going to
share with you some things that are
going to simplify that process and
actually even help you figure out if in
fact this is the next right step for you
having a podcast is awesome and it feels
like everybody and their brother has one
today so as an entrepreneur there's
probably a side of you who's thinking
well I have an Instagram I have a tick
tock and it just seems like everybody
else has a podcast so I guess I should
have a podcast too well I'm here to tell
you that I don't think that everyone
needs a podcast and in this episode I'm
going to help you figure out if in fact
it is the right step for you and if you
do decide that it is in fact the next
right step I'm going to share with you
the steps that you'll need to follow
through like what it takes to start a
podcast
listen I have I've made all the mistakes
uh starting back when I did at the at
that point not everyone had a podcast
but a lot of people podcasts were
becoming more and more popular it wasn't
something we were monetizing in the
beginning in fact there's some early
episodes where I recorded conversations
between myself my husband and our
business partner wherein I was really
trying to decide like why am I doing
this like what is my purpose what is my
objective
I have produced too many episodes at
times like my production schedule was
too intense and it really stressed me
out there's been times where I didn't
produce enough episodes and our
subscribers and listeners dropped
dramatically dropped there have been
times where I just didn't have the right
people in place thought I would save
time and money if I did the editing
myself
um we've made mistakes in terms of
advertising and sponsors places to uh
host the show promotions you name it if
there's a mistake to have been made and
fixed we've probably done it
so I want to start by walking you
through the right steps so that you can
avoid making a lot of the mistakes that
we made simply because
I I just started like I I didn't take a
course I did one phone call with an
expert at the time uh John Lee Dumas had
produced a podcast that came out like I
think seven days a week he was known as
kind of like the guy with podcasts I I
don't know where he's ranked now I don't
even know if he still has that podcast
but I remembered listening to one of his
episodes and hearing that he had a paid
coaching session and it was a pretty
outrageous amount for a half hour but I
booked that session simply because I
just wanted him to answer one question
for me and sometimes you will save
yourself tons of time and money by
paying investing
in the expert who can give you the right
answer
and my question was I've got two ideas
for a show I'm going to launch both of
them don't talk me out of that but do I
launch them both at the same time or do
I stagger it and he gave me the
reasoning why I should launch them both
at the same time and it was great advice
at the time I don't know if that would
be the advice I would give someone today
in fact it probably is not but at the
time it was great because it was pretty
easy to show up on
pod on Apple podcast new and noteworthy
and so that's what happened because both
shows
due to my email list uh I had everybody
subscribing to both shows at the same
time on the same day same week so that
put both shows side by side in the new
and noteworthy category of Apple podcast
which in and of itself garnered so many
new subscribers to both shows
so the first thing I want you to ask
yourself is why do you want to start a
podcast like what is what is the
objective why do you want it why do you
want to do this
is it to reach a new audience
if it's to reach a new audience then you
definitely one thousand percent need to
follow on the steps we're going to talk
about in a moment which is starting a
YouTube channel for your podcast
but maybe it's just because you want to
Market yourself you want a way to be
able to show other podcasters that you
are a great podcasting guest I
personally think one of the best ways to
grow your brand your opportunity and and
to monetize the space of podcasting is
to become a really popular guest on
shows that are already getting millions
of downloads like that's the ultimate
goal in my opinion like any of my
students who come to me I'm like don't
worry about starting a podcast like get
on other people's podcasts however
having said that
nine times out of ten when someone is
pitched to me to be on my show or I'm
considering putting someone on my show
maybe I saw them on stage I saw a tick
tock or an Instagram and I'm thinking
about putting them on my podcast I first
thing I do is go and look to see if they
have a podcast not because I'm looking
to see their downloads or they're like I
just want to hear do they know how to be
succinct do they teach well
do they have a professional microphone
what is their style when people are only
hearing them and not seeing them on
short form video so if that's one of the
reasons why you're considering starting
a podcast I think that's a great one
if it is your objective to Simply share
knowledge and brand yourself or create a
reputation as an expert I think it's a
decent reason
I think it's also a fantastic reason to
start a podcast because you need a form
a long form
way of connecting with your community
that doesn't disappear it's it's an
amazing opportunity to connect with
people when you're in their ear you know
like when they're listening to your
voice and oftentimes when people are
listening to a podcast they're like not
doing something else that requires brain
power they're especially a show like
this where it's a business show people
are really paying attention they're
listening to the Cadence of your voice
and you can spend hours and hours and
hours in fact I would love to know
especially from some of you who might be
watching this on YouTube drop a comment
below and let me know have you watched
hours or listened I should say Have you
listened to hours of content from myself
and Brock on build your tribe because it
is a great way to build that reciprocity
with an audience member it's far
different than watching a 60-second reel
or a 15 second Tick Tock like you don't
create the same type of connection
emotional connection that is required
for someone to know like and trust you
so if that's one of the ways you like
you need you need more time to explain
the things and talk about the things
that you do with your business or your
brand then a podcast might be a great
way to do that I think another good
reason to start a podcast is if you're
doing it to hone in on your messaging
it will teach you how to be succinct how
to teach better how to communicate your
message it will help you to sort through
your own ideas and
communicate them Express them with more
clarity
I also think it's a wonderful way to
network and collaborate
I can't tell you how many times I get
these emails from someone who's like hey
um I really like what you're doing and
I'd love to take you out to lunch is
there any you know I'm going to be in
town on this day can I take you out to
lunch I'm like who is this person I
don't even have time to go out to lunch
with my husband and frankly I can pay
for my own lunch like it I it's a
stranger there's really no reason why
I'm going to network with them because
we just don't have enough time like I'm
not being rude like we just don't you
have to prioritize your time however
there's been countless occasions where I
get a message from someone who has a
very small podcasting Community but
there's something about them
that I really like them or maybe they're
one of my marketing impact Academy
students and I want to collaborate with
them I want to I want to be on their
show and in doing so it's an opportunity
for them to network with me for myself
personally I can't tell you how many
times there's something I wanted to
learn
whether it's like YouTube shorts or
um starting a membership and I will
interview the expert on the subject and
it's like I hate to say it but it's like
getting free advice one-on-one and
you're building a relation well I
wouldn't say it's a relationship but a
connection in any event I I hesitate to
say that you're building a relationship
sometimes you do like some of I would
say like my closest friends or at least
tight acquaintances let's say that I've
met because of podcasting I would
otherwise never know them but I've spent
you know several hours over the years
going back and forth either them
interviewing me me interviewing them and
it's led to other opportunities the
reason why I hesitate is because
sometimes you'll be on a show and
they've interviewed you know a thousand
guests so it's not like they have a
relationship with all of those people
but it is a great way to get to network
and to to get in front of and to ask
questions and to pick the brain of the
expert who it is you're trying to reach
I think some less important reasons like
reasons I I would not say are are good
reasons to start a podcast is don't do
it if you think like it's just what you
should do don't do it because it seems
like it would be fun
or a hobby I mean unless you have
nothing else to do with your time
and lastly do not start a podcast if
your goal is to make money from the
podcast I mean there's a possibility
that you will there's a very real
possibility that you will but you want
to do it the right way and it's very
difficult today to get your show to
monetize if you have a small following
unless of course
you're doing it the way that we teach
and this is not a plug for the marketing
impact Academy but I do want you to know
if you are an MIA member that's
something we do teach inside the
academies how can you monetize a podcast
from the get-go like before you have an
email list before you have
um a big following before you can secure
advertisers because today getting
advertisers for your show is much more
difficult than it was back in the day in
some regards it's easier in that a lot
of Brands and marketing agencies
recognize that this is the play people
are listening to podcasts they're
watching podcasts on YouTube they're
discovering people on podcasts because
we're kind of overwhelmed and sick and
tired of the one minute two minute like
constant new con content and just you
know so much information in our face it
can feel very overwhelming and so a lot
of people are
tuning in and listening to podcasts
advertisers realize that advertisers
also realize that the average consumer
is going to have a more connected level
of trust with someone who they've spent
hours with them in their ear
it's a completely different relationship
than someone who I follow on Instagram
and they look really cute and they post
great photos am I right or am I right so
in some regards there are more Brands
who are advertising on podcasts but
because it is so competitive you do need
to know how to get the attention of
advertisers how to negotiate your rates
how to create a pitch deck and again all
of that is included in if you're an MIA
member if not you know these are the
things you need to figure out I'm sure
we've done a past podcasts on a lot of
those things the next thing I think you
need to ask yourself is is is
this the right time for me to start a
podcast is as I always say to my
students is this the next right step
because it's certainly a step I would
recommend almost anyone who's got a
business if you have an interest I think
having a podcast is awesome but not
until you have certain things in place
and I'm a stick around this I just I
need to say this to you as your bossy
older sister
don't you dare start a podcast until you
have your in order okay like don't
don't do it just because everyone else
is doing it it's going to take up so
much time and it doesn't make any sense
for you to do that if you haven't done
some of the basics so what are some of
those Basics first of all do you as a
brand do you know who your target
audience is like who is it specifically
that demographic that you're speaking to
and I don't just mean the age and the
gender but I mean like what is their
problem what is their personality what
is it they are why are they tuning in to
you like what is it you want to help
them with you need to know that you also
you don't have to know your Niche before
you start a podcast but it's going to be
really difficult for you to make a Mark
if you don't have a niche so you got to
figure out your niche and then you've
also got to figure out like okay what
about what about my email list you know
and I just want to mention this about
Niche because I've heard a lot of
um especially young entrepreneurs will
say like don't worry about your Niche
just start just start in your Niche will
kind of evolve but do know
do you fully understand who it is you
want to talk to this is a video of
Vanessa Lau who's just a massive success
on YouTube this is her speaking at the
um think media conference shout out to
Sean kennel and his team and I just want
you to hear this message from her watch
this and then we'll be right back
creating videos online changed my entire
life
and I want it to change yours too but
here's the problem this is our
expectation the moment that we post a
video
we think it's gonna go viral we think
it's gonna pop off we spent seven hours
filming and editing and all these things
and this is what ends up happening but
here's the actual reality
of what it's like to be a content
creator let's go through it each one by
one
number one there's going to be people
who just never start their Channel
they're always going to be stuck in this
Valley of Death because they wait for
the perfect opportunity they wait for
the perfect moment they wait for the
perfect Niche they wait for so long to
the point where they never start their
Channel even though years have passed on
she makes some excellent points but I do
want to mention that at the time that
I'm recording this video anyways Vanessa
has taken a sabbatical from content
creation like she literally describes
herself as being stuck on a hamster
wheel got completely burnt out walked
away from frankly it sounds like
millions of dollars of deals because it
just became too overwhelming now I think
that's an important cautionary tale my
guess my prediction if I will is that
she's going to be back right like I
think we've all been there I certainly
know I have there's been times when the
podcast
was just so much and I couldn't make
sense of
I couldn't rationalize continuing with
the podcast when there's so many things
I needed to fix in my business there
were people I needed to have in place
programs that need to be improved
opt-ins that needed to be improved I
mean there's just so many systems that
were broken and the podcast at that time
really wasn't generating a lot of income
force and then on top of that uh I was
just going through a season with my kids
like they were in high school and super
duper busy and I'm like what am I doing
so I literally took a break completely
from podcasting for a period of time and
I was okay with that because again it
wasn't really making me money so I I say
that to you because so often we feel
like we're quitters if we start
something and walk away
but I think it makes us winners when we
know when it's time to take a break when
we know when to evaluate the pros and
the cons and make a informed decision
to take a break to step away to do
something different that does not make
you a quitter that makes you a winner
and I ask myself all the those pros and
cons and it was very clear the decision
to take a break from podcasting was very
clear coming back to it I also had to
answer a ton of questions and some of
those are the things I'm going to share
with you now so that you walk into this
making sure you have all of your ducks
in a row before you even start okay so
the next thing I need to make sure that
you you've done before you even start
your your podcast is you you know what
your brand is in your brand reputation
like your voice how you speak how you
show up because there's nothing worse
than starting your podcast which by the
way I'm going to tell you you need to do
that with YouTube and not truly knowing
who you are
and it's just so apparent especially
when you're on camera people have like
this different Persona like they speak
in a different way it just feels so
rehearsed phony not real and you've just
got one opportunity to connect with
people and show up as your real
authentic self I mean I know early in
the podcasting days a lot of people read
a script I could never do that like is
it just I could always I can always tell
are you with me I can always tell when
somebody's reading a script and while
there are some podcasts like it's a news
podcast where I appreciate that they do
that I think when you are trying to
connect with your brand it's really
important that we hear you without a
script also before you launch your
podcast
if you're gonna do it the way I tell you
do it you need to have a website in
place you need to have a place to send
people you need to have a reason why
people are going to join your email list
because if someone's gonna spend that
much time with you eventually they're
gonna forget that you have a podcast
eventually they're going to stop
listening it just happens and you need a
way to connect with them they ultimately
you have control over and that is your
email list so make sure you've got that
website in place and then you want to
make sure before you launch your podcast
you've got a reason why people are
opting in like what are you giving them
is it a Weekly Newsletter well why do I
care about a Weekly Newsletter you gotta
tell me why it's that good or you've got
to give me a freemium otherwise known as
an opt-in so a reason why like go to my
website and I'm going to give you
um the top 10 ways to
um
crush your copywriting with chat GPT I
don't know whatever it is you've got to
give your particular audience
something that solves a problem that's
related to that Avatar to that target
audience that you're trying to reach and
then ultimately I would love for you to
wait to start this podcast until you
have something or you know what it is
you want to sell like what does you want
to offer what is it you want to help
people with and then the last and final
question I want you to ask yourself is
do I have time to do this right now and
if I have enough time to do this is this
the thing I should be spending my time
on or are there other things
that you need to fix systems you need to
have in place
programs you need to develop people you
need to bring onto your staff or your
team things you need to learn like is
this the next thing you need to do
that's a really important question it's
one that we answer again it's it's like
a reoccurring theme inside the marketing
impact Academy is like I don't want
people taking a step and and working
really really hard only to realize
I shouldn't have been doing this first
there was something else I needed to do
before this and knowing how to do those
things and then evaluating
if the right step if this next thing you
want to do is the right step it takes
practice
and if that's something you're
struggling with again I would suggest
for those of you who are Mia members
jump in there and and jump back into
your itinerary look at your playbook
figure out what it is that may be a step
you may have skipped over and if that's
something that you need help with you
can click the link below in the
description for the show for the
marketing impact Academy we are I don't
think we're open at the moment depends
on when you're watching this all right
once you've given yourself the green
light to start your podcast now what do
you do okay the first thing you need to
do is come up with a show name right
well no absolutely not before you come
up with your show name I want you to
come up up with a list of 30 Niche
related topics
possible or at least 30 topics that your
target Avatar would really want to hear
and that you could be excited about if
you can't come up with 30 different
topics it's not time to start a podcast
I think the chalene show where over a
thousand I have no idea how many we are
here at build your tribe but if you
can't come up with 30 we're in trouble
the next thing you have to do is figure
out where you're going to host your
podcast some popular hosting platforms
include libsyn that's where we currently
host our podcast
podbean Buzz Sprout anchor uh spreaker
and even Google podcast I know a lot of
people I would say the two that most of
my friends have are either libsyn or
Buzz Sprout but it's personal preference
and of course they all fluctuate the
price depending upon how many downloads
and the size of your show to start with
by the way if you're getting something
out of this episode if you find build
your tribe to be something that's very
useful in building your side hustle
growing your business I would love for
you to take a moment and double check to
see if in fact you are subscribed to the
show
no matter where you're listening or
watching it in fact if you are watching
on YouTube I would love for you to drop
a comment below and tell me what you
think about my blouse
and I'll tell you where I got it all
right so the next thing you'll need to
do is start a YouTube channel listen
YouTube channel
it's not this is probably one of the
biggest mistakes that we made is I did
not start a YouTube channel soon enough
for both of our podcasts
um even though I've been being told for
years by the expert Sean kennel you need
to put your show on podcast or your
podcast show on YouTube I didn't and
because of that other people took the
audio and posted to YouTube and they
built these huge YouTube channels with
my content it's so hard to get them
taken down I didn't create a YouTube
channel because I felt like there was so
much pressure to have you know different
graphics and although crazy ending all
the pressure to have a cute blouse on
and be in the right scene and setting
blah blah blah all the things and
eventually I just said
all I have to do is take a shower and
put on some makeup it's fine I've got
two cheap lights they're like 36 we'll
talk about all the equipment that you
need for a a video slash inexpensive
podcast a podcast you could even do
while you're traveling in fact I'm
recording this podcast while I'm
traveling I'm going to continue doing
that too as my husband and I are
traveling for uh nine months like right
now we are in Miami Florida but in just
a few weeks time we will be in
um I don't know maybe we'll be in the
south of France maybe we'll be in Greece
maybe we'll be in Italy we're going to
Europe and we're going to have fun and I
just had to let go of this misconception
that I had to like it had to be All or
Nothing the truth is once you've
answered all the questions and you've
set up those foundational pieces that I
discussed in the beginning of this video
that then it's go time like don't
overthink it just start your YouTube
channel don't worry about it being
perfect don't worry about it being
amazing lighting or over doing the
editing in fact if you want to listen to
this episode that I did with Sean
Cannell of think media this is the one
where he just really like like literally
pounded into my head you've got to start
a YouTube channel for both your podcast
and I think you're going to find this
video very compelling I think you're
going to be convinced that you need to
do the same and you're also going to
feel a little bit of a relief in that
you don't have to put as much into
production as you perhaps you think you
do or like a lot less than I thought I
did all right the next thing you have to
do is figure out a realistic publishing
schedule
what's realistic for you in terms of
your mental health
do you have people on your team or have
you found Consultants who can do a lot
of this heavy lifting for you so if
you're talking about doing all the
editing yourself and uploading the
videos to YouTube
uploading the audio feed to the RSS feed
on the platform where you're hosting the
podcast interacting with your community
on Facebook if you're planning doing
like all the things
um
one episode a week is a lot
how many hours it depends for a 30
minute show for a brand new podcaster I
would say you could expect to spend no
including a video I would say you could
expect to spend no less than five to
seven hours that's realistic and once
you get better at it and that's
including your preparation right setup
downloading uploading Etc I just think
that's realistic so I know your schedule
know how much mentally you can handle
and where this ranks in terms of
priorities for your business then after
you've done that a publishing schedule
you come up with like 30 topics you know
your brand you know your Niche your
website Etc then you can do storming
around the name for your show some quick
advice for you I'd love for you to just
call it something to do with your name
because that's never going to change
like you know with most of us
entrepreneurs
by the time it's said and done we're
gonna do like 19 different things right
so I don't know if Brock would have uh
gone that far if his
podcast was called Snapchat Brock
because it's at the time he was just
doing Snapchat right
um so I I love for you to either create
a name like build your tribe that says
something but more importantly I'd love
for you to Brand it around your name
because then it could be about any topic
right there's so many shows now that all
sound the same like level up big success
going for it uh boss babe Beauties
whatever like all these names that like
they don't really mean anything and
there's so many podcasts I have very
very similar names so the one thing that
you want people to remember is your name
that's just my two cents worth next I
also want you to take a look around
um actually before we start to look for
people let's talk about software I use
audacity I prefer to record on Audacity
I'm recording this right now on a
program called Squad cast we are looking
into other platforms for recording
there's Riverside stream yard so some
great platforms I love stream yard by
the way but you want a crisp video I'm
just again just using my laptop no fancy
cameras Etc but you want to be able to
record something and then in terms of
editing your audio there the program
audacity which you'll see on the screen
here and just link below it is free I
just love audacity but I started with it
back in 2014 so I'm sure there's better
programs I know a lot of people like to
use
um garage band or free software you just
you just don't need to necessarily be an
audio engineer and if anything I would
highly highly recommend this is this is
probably the most important thing I can
tell you
is don't become an audio engineer I I
did this in the beginning
because I thought I was saving time and
money also because I felt like well only
only I will know like what words I want
to chop out here's what I do when I make
a mistake on
video on camera when I'm recording I go
like this
and I start over that way my audio
engineer can see the spike and can see
where he wants to cut that out he knows
when I said something like and I tripped
over my words I just go
and I say it again and it's a really
simple way so I don't have to start and
stop if you start and stop when you're
recording a podcast it will take
freaking
forever don't do it don't do it don't do
it all right and don't try to edit it
yourself literally for how
Pennies on the dollar you can find
incredible audio Engineers on upwork and
Fiverr so give a couple of them a try
find somebody you really like working
with I love working with Consultants who
are overseas that way I can finish it in
the evening and by the time I wake up
they've already edited during their work
day and by the time I wake up in the
morning it's already done and ready for
me to review I Outsource every part of
the show now from the uh except for the
the
most of actually even some of the
research I will Outsource some of that
but you know the prep for the show I
have to do recording the show that's me
everything else is outsourced and that
is what makes it possible for us to keep
up with the schedule that we do I
produce two shows or Brock and I produce
two shows on build your tribe we were
doing three shows on the chalene show
but we cut back to two when we added
YouTube video and then in addition to
that I do one patreon per week I love
patreon I love patreon patreon I just
record like literally from my phone
there's no video it's so fun and it is
um it's a fun little Revenue Source too
by the way now in terms of the equipment
that you need to start oh my gosh you
guys again we spent thousands and
thousands and thousands of dollars on
fancy equipment that you don't need so
if you want to know how to start your
podcast on a shoestring budget check out
this episode of build your tribe where
Brock describes exactly what you need to
start your podcast uh even a podcast
where you need to travel on a shoestring
budget
after you've figured out all right
what's my name for my show
um you've got your your platform where
you're going to host it then you need to
set up your RSS feed I would love for
you to not try to figure this out
yourself I would love for you to hire
someone on Fiverr or upwork or whatever
Marketplace we're looking for
Freelancers and hire someone to do all
of that for you they've done it a
million times it'll take you 10 times
longer to do it and you'll probably mess
it up because this is not your thing let
somebody else set that up for you that
will give you time to do the thing that
I bet you are really really good at
which is coming up with kind of a
marketing and promotion plan around the
launch of your podcast right so this is
key the Second Use you realize all right
this is happening
we're gonna do this I need you to bring
your audience in along for the ride on
this journey like let them you know let
them see content of behind the scenes of
you researching it let that quiz them
ask them hey what topics here's you know
five topics I'm considering put a
question sticker on your Instagram
stories and ask them what type of
content what type of shows would you
love to hear from me give them some
ideas let them give you some ideas get
them involved in the process so that
they are they're rooting for you and
they feel like they're a part of this
process involve your community as much
as possible
also once you do launch the show then I
want you to come up with creative ways
to get your most engaged followers and
people are on your email list to help
spread the word like get them to share
the show
um create some type of a promotion or
maybe a surprise contest or just a
surprise shout out to anyone who listens
to the show leaves a review writes a
review and make sure that they've also
subscribed to the show there's so many
ways that you can involve your community
when you first start reading your after
you start getting reviews for your show
then I want you to start reading a few
of those reviews on the show so that
people know not only does it matter but
you you're reading those reviews
in fact I'm going to read one of ours
right now this review comes from
inactroid who says you guys have been a
huge part of helping me grow my business
with all your expertise on Instagram
growing your following growing your
business this is so helpful thank you so
much I appreciate all that you do well I
very much we very much appreciate any
time you leave a review for The Show by
the way if you want to do that on a
specific episode you can do that on any
whatever podcast app you're listening to
the show on or if you want to just drop
us a comment or like this video here on
YouTube it's always appreciated okay so
now that you have your marketing plan in
place and you've got some ideas around
the promotion and the pre-launch of your
podcast show now I've got to record some
shows and I've heard a lot of different
opinions about how many shows you should
launch with so at the time that I'm
recording this I think 10 is a great
number to launch with and here's why if
you launch it more than that great but
that's a lot to record right and if you
launch with 10 episodes every single
person that subscribes your show is
going to count as 10 downloads whereas
today someone who joins
build your tribe they're they're only
going to get today's episode right like
you're just listening to today's episode
if you're watching this on YouTube then
it's not even going to count as a
download from my Libs and stats so when
you launch with 10 episodes now people
are like okay this is someone I get a
sense of what their content's about
there's someone who's serious about it
this is someone who's gonna stick around
and they're going to download all of
those at the same time so you're gonna
have like a nice little explosion of a
ton of downloads all on one day so a lot
of hype should come into your social
media your email list wherever you can
to let people know like what the date of
the big launches make it a big deal I
would love to have you listen to the
episode we did with the one of the
co-founders of Mind pump media uh this
is with Sal di Stefano and he is I mean
their show is crushing crushing podcasts
in a super competitive category which is
Fitness they're number one like week
after week after week and in this
episode he shares like all the mistakes
they made at the beginning and what
really 18 months ago helped them to
Skyrocket to the top of the charts and
he's so forthcoming forthcoming in the
things that they did wrong things that
they did right so I think that you'll
really enjoy that episode too if you're
considering starting out it's great to
learn from somebody else's mistakes
because then you don't have to
experience that pain now listen if you
made it to this far in the video asking
you to do me a favor
you're going to see that I pinned a
comment if you're watching on YouTube
there's a comment pinned below the video
and I would love to hear from you and if
you're not watching on YouTube if you're
just listening to this no no problem
send me an orbrock an Instagram story
and let us know in our next build your
tribe episode would you rather would you
like for us to talk about patreon like
how to have a paid podcast opportunity
and there are platforms other than
patreon that we can talk about or would
you rather learn about what it takes to
get paid sponsorship advertisers for
your show or maybe something else
completely unrelated to podcasting let
me know Below in the comments because we
will definitely be reading those there
we very much appreciate the time you
spent with us here I mean there are a
lot of other podcasts you could be
listening to so thank you for spending
your time with us it is my goal as
always to be brief to be bright to make
it fun and then be done and I did it
foreign
[Music]